Soliloquy Language compells us to all reason. Our //societas// social nature
Social Nature As Reason

"Give yourself enough 'heart' and hold onto your knowing others [in best light]
think to all and not to //me// and you may have soliloquy, too." in the same way
Soliloquy as knowledge for others if this was once a trait not culutrally
disposed of. Disdain - discontent. Malice? ~~Cowardice~~. Discomfort.
Insecurity. Loneliness.

Talking to oneself. Console or to expalin to oneself not in the presence of
others. As if talking to your named conscience. This is the process of ascension
if we are forwarding ourselves. To deliberately carry ourselves in the practice
of our best virtue.

Built to be orators he says "of immense internalized knowledge" share ~~our~~
~~vision~~ ourselves. Of a life lived among campfires.

Among others knowledge shared is language spoken to, spoken [?] is knowledge
shared for all. Give all that which you are; dear Fortune. Each is capable in
giving what we know. Hold face, maintain resolve to endure - [what the world
shoudl think of you] Give all that you know and people may only seek
understanding [or distance.] Withhold it, and you may search and search
internally for answers but find none. [...] Though I have my own ignorance and
failures, all I may do is go forward in thought to my own recompense. Many of us
would like to see ourselves give all we might to others. The life we've ahead of
us is not up to us; these wird behaviors, labels ascribed [these] feelings,
//idiosyncrasies// [unique features in some pecularity] of shame we may never be
helped to recognize; those interior holdings. We keep so much to ourselves, for
ourselves.
