Little Character Summary Little is the act of thieving personified in a little
tie-wearing raccoon’s body.He is witty, snarky and sleazy like a con-artist or
car-salesman. The constant adjustment of his tie underlines the typical persona.
Little will grow throughout the story as Autumn does.He’s been shunned from
society throughout his life. Mostly because of his undesired tendencies to steal
what is not his. His perception on ownership is a bit skewed and is largely why
he helps Autumn out initially. As she helps Little, unconditionally, a kindness
he had yet to experience. Little knows the world and its inhabitants a whole lot
more. Preceding exploration at Autumn’s side, it’s apparent that he’s built a
questionable reputation with the forest dwelling population. You can speak to
people in the forest who had past experiences with Little. Involvement in Plot
Well, the initial idea was to have Autumn meet him in the very first level. In
some sort of trouble where Autumn gets to help him. The first time we see Little
is when he just stole something and we must help him.Little has the speaking
part of the two protagonists. And he often speaks on behalf of Autumn or to
Autumn. Though, the line of communication isn’t perfect and Autumn will
sometimes disagree with Little and even scold/shush him if needed. But she is
not immune so if a good joke is told, she might giggle and cover her face.
Little is able to con less “aware” people in the world but others can see
through his con and press him on it. Little is smart, but his speaking ability
isn’t supernatural like his stealing. He can’t talk his way out of everything
much to his annoyance. Little knows the land inside and out so he is also a
guide to Autumn. When Autumn saves him he feels obliged to help her and repay
her.

Appearance

Personality Little is witty and cynical when he is himself, but will “put on a
face” if he is attempting to con someone, for some reason. He will often give
off some remarks, possibly whispering in Autumn’s ear so only she can hear it.
That said, he has his good sides.Little has some sort of vendetta against the
world and blames everyone but himself and close people for it. Little developed
an urge to steal ever since he was a child and has learned throughout his years
and is one of the greatest thieves in the kingdom. He is pretty sleazy in his
red tie and just wants to get attention to himself and make others look stupid.
Little feels misunderstood and people don’t get him.

Gameplay

Stealing Ability Yet to be described so we will make this up later.Little clings
to Autumn and via him you will be able to steal things and powers as you need
them. We can potentially expand this.If played Spyro, you know the method in
which gems magnetize towards you in close proximity. Little might be the cause
of something similar.
